Update config.md (#741)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-apps/configuration/config.md

hello-world: true
```

> See the full set of [command-line arguments](./arguments.md).

Reviewer: Hi @delag ! I think the reference should be :

```markdown
[command-line arguments](/connections/connect-apps/configuration/arguments)
```

Reviewer: Would you be able to make the same change on L7 as well ?

```suggestion
See the full set of [command-line arguments](/connections/connect-apps/configuration/arguments).
```

Author: I believe so, apologies I am not quite clear on the ask from me.

Reviewer: No worries @delag ! I was not very clear.
The reference on L7 and L48 to the `arguments.md` file should be `(/connections/connect-apps/configuration/arguments)` instead of `(./arguments.md)`. Would you be able to make that change ?
